.TH "hv-ms735-config" "1" "April 9, 2017" "hv-ms735-config 1.0.1" ""
.SH "NAME"
HAVIT Magic Eagle mouse unofficial configuration utility.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
\fBhv-ms735-config\fR [\fBoption\fP]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
hv-ms735-config is an utility program allows you to configure the buttons and profiles of your device.
.PP
Homepage: https://github.com/pbludov/hv-ms735-config/
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB-p\fP, \fB\-\-profile\fP         " 10
Get the active profile.
.IP "\fB-P\fP, \fB\-\-set\-profile\fP \fBPROFILE\fP" 10
Select the active profile.
.IP "\fB-d\fP, \fB\-\-dilimiter\fP         " 10
Get the active report rate divider (1 => 1000 reports per second, 2 => 500 and so on).
.IP "\fB-D\fP, \fB\-\-set\-dilimiter\fP \fBPROFILE\fP" 10
Select the active report rate divider.
.IP "\fB-b\fP, \fB\-\-backup\fP \fBFILE\fP" 10
Backup NAND data to a file.
.IP "\fB-r\fP, \fB\-\-restore\fP \fBFILE\fP" 10
Restore NAND data from a file.
.IP "\fB\fP    \fB\-\-verbose\fP         " 10
Be verbose (print USB traffic).
.IP "\fB\fP    \fB\-\-unbrick\fP         " 10
Switch the device to firmware upgrade mode.
.IP "\fB\fP    \fB\-\-test\-keys\fP         " 10
Set up test macros and bind them to the side buttons 5-12.
.IP "\fB-v\fP, \fB\-\-version\fP         " 10
Show version information and exit.
.IP "\fB-?\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP         " 10
Show help information and exit.
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was written by Pavel Bludov. Permission is
granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under
the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2.1.

